#
# Firmware Drivers
#

menu "Driver setup"

config ARCH_HAS_APB_20
	bool

config ARCH_HAS_APB_30
	bool

config ARCH_HAS_APB_40
	bool

#
# Common to all Synopsys AMBA advance peripherals
#
config ARCH_HAS_DW_AMBA_ADVANCED
	bool

source drivers/clk/Kconfig
source drivers/gpio/Kconfig
source drivers/timer/Kconfig
source drivers/uart/Kconfig
source drivers/i2c/Kconfig
source drivers/spi/Kconfig
source drivers/i3c/Kconfig
source drivers/dma/Kconfig
source drivers/iommu/Kconfig
source drivers/stm/Kconfig

source drivers/lcd/Kconfig
source drivers/video/Kconfig

source drivers/mtd/Kconfig
source drivers/scs/Kconfig
source drivers/mmc/Kconfig
source drivers/ddr/Kconfig
source drivers/spd/Kconfig
source drivers/pci/Kconfig
source drivers/rio/Kconfig

source drivers/noc/Kconfig
source drivers/net/Kconfig
source drivers/phy/Kconfig

source drivers/lpc/Kconfig
source drivers/kcs/Kconfig
source drivers/espi/Kconfig
source drivers/peci/Kconfig
source drivers/mctp/Kconfig

source drivers/pmu/Kconfig
source drivers/ras/Kconfig
source drivers/wdt/Kconfig

endmenu
